{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green46\blue89;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green10\blue10;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh17700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 About DVC\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 Diablo Valley College is one of three publicly supported two-year community colleges in the Contra Costa Community College District. \
The larger of DVC\'92s two campuses is located off Interstate 680 in Pleasant Hill.\
And the newer San Ramon Campus serves the south county in Dougherty Valley. \
Between its two campuses, DVC serves more than 22,000 students each semester with a wide variety of program options.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Both of our handsomely landscaped locations are a short distance from San Francisco.\
Creating the ideal settings for the premier transfer institution in California. \
We are the college of choice for many students from the private and public high schools nearby.\
Our students come from the Martinez, Mt. Diablo, San Ramon, and Acalanes School Districts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Research figures recently released by UCLA's Center for the Study of Community Colleges show that DVC's transfer rate to four-year universities is 67 percent higher than the national average. \
Another report, released by the California Post-secondary Educational Commission, shows that DVC ranked number one in transfers in the state, ahead of all other California community colleges.\
A brief history of our land shows us that this was originally home to the Costanoan Indians. \
In 1844, the Mexican government granted the land to William Welch, and it became part of his huge Rancho Las Juntas, which included northwestern Walnut Creek, all of Pleasant Hill, and the northeastern half of Martinez. After World War II the land was subdivided into housing tracts, and on October 5, 1950, the College Board of Trustees purchased the DVC site for $172,500. Construction began in September, 1951.
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\
}